Build UKI with signed bootloader if custom firmware vars are used (#3809)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi/resources/man/mkosi.1.md

`UnifiedKernelImages=`, `--unified-kernel-images=`
:   Specifies whether to use unified kernel images or not when
    `Bootloader=` is set to `systemd-boot` or `grub`. Takes one of `none`,
    `unsigned`, `signed` or `auto`. Defaults to `auto`. If `unsigned` or `signed`, unified
    kernel images
    are always used and the build will fail if any components required to
    build unified kernel images are missing. If set to `auto`, unified
    kernel images will be used if all necessary components are available.
    Otherwise Type 1 entries as defined by the Boot Loader Specification
    will be used instead. If disabled, Type 1 entries will always be used.
    If `Bootloader=` is set to one of the signed variant, a pre-built UKI
    will be searched and the build will fail if it cannot be found, unless

>     it is set to `unsigned`, in which case it will be built locally. This

Reviewer: The "it" here is a bit unclear, looking at the code you mean
```suggestion
    `UnifiedKernelImages=` is set to `unsigned`, in which case the UKI will be built locally. This
```
